[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
that constitutes the majority,
the completion of the stuff I
wanted to talk to you about today.
Again, reminding you that this is not a
complete guide through every part of ES6.
You're gonna find some
stuff that's really,
really great like some of the stuff
we've talked about today.
You can find some really really
terrible stuff like ES6 class and
everywhere in between.
And your journey will look different
than my journey to learn ES6 but
hopefully today is the jumping off point.
This is the stuff I think you
should spend the first focus on.
This is the path I think you get into to
learning ES6 is looking at this stuff and
looking at how we can weave these
different features together to
achieve our goals.
But I want to give you one last little
piece of extra credit, just for fun.
Kind of building off of what we just did.
And then I promise,
we're done for the day.
I know it's been a long day.
What I want to do is,
I want to talk about a feature that
is available in some other languages.
And a trick of how we can sort
of mimic it in JavaScript.
I don't know how this feature really works
that well because I don't know any other
languages that well I don't
really know JavaScript either.
But I definitely don't know Ruby for
example or Python but
I know they have this notion
of ranges in those languages.
The ability to just have a number and
then have give us some number.
So I thought what to be interesting.
If I could give myself an array of numbers
by saying something like [...8] and
that would automatically give me all
the numbers in that array from zero
up to eight.
Kind of like the range in some of those
other languages where they can just
automatically do that.
Wouldn't it be cool if I could just
say [...8] and that would just work.
So I got to thinking is this
possible in JavaScript it turns out
it's pretty straight forward.
Because if you remember earlier somebody
asked a question about doing something
against one of the primitives and
I said, whenever you
do something against a primitive
that needs to treated as an object.
What happens is that automatically
boxes it into its object counterpart.
Numbers have a number
object counterpart to them.
The number object has a prototype.
It doesn't by default ship with
an iterator, but we could make one.
So what if we did something like this?
What if we said number.prototype
[Symbol.iterator]
>> Kyle Simpson: As a generator,
I'll it anonymous just to
save space in the line.
And we're not even to worry about being
able to pass in arguments, so I'm just
gonna make the plain old default value
just to show you exactly the same kind of
things we did before, what if I said
>> Kyle Simpson: Now
where do I want to start?
I want to start at zero.
Maybe I don't want to start at zero,
maybe you want to start somewhere else.
I'm going to start at zero.
I'm going to say I is less then and
here's the trick,
this keyword inside of that is
going to refer to the number object
itself when coerced to the value it's
gonna be the value that that number is.
So I can just say i less
than this i++ yield i.
Now I have native ranges
built into JavaScript.
So we take that we put it over here.
And if I say [...8].
You get the array,
I didn't do less than or equal to.
I should've done less than or equal to.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now I have ranges.
Now I actually my blog at the moment
is not I had a blog post.
And I will be back at some point soon but
you could extend this.
And maybe has some homework for you see if
you could think about how would you extend
this to be able to do negative ranges,
what if I said negative three.
Could you detect that it
was a negative number and
instead of doing plus plus
you could do minus minus and
go from zero down to negative one down
to negative two down to negative three.
Could you support being able to pass
in customization of your range through
arguments just like we
did in exercise five?
With just a fun little trick to look at
the things that we now have available
to us and push the language to support the
kinds of things that we'd like to write.